---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dependencytrack_components Data Source - dependencytrack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetch components for a project.
---

# dependencytrack_components (Data Source)

Fetch components for a project.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) UUID of the Project for which to retrieve components.

### Optional

- `only_direct` (Boolean) Filter for only direct components of the project.
- `only_outdated` (Boolean) Filter for only outdated components of the project.

### Read-Only

- `components` (Attributes List) Components within the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))

<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Read-Only:

- `author` (String) Author of the Component.
- `classifier` (String) Classifier of the Component.
- `copyright` (String) Copyright of the Component.
- `cpe` (String) Common Platform Enumeration of the Component. Standardised format v2.2 / v2.3 from MITRE / NIST.
- `description` (String) Description of the Component.
- `extension` (String) Filename Extension of the Component.
- `filename` (String) Filename of the Component.
- `group` (String) Group Name of the Component.
- `hashes` (Attributes) Hashes of the Component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--hashes))
- `id` (String) UUID of the Component.
- `license` (String) License of the Component.
- `name` (String) Name of the Component.
- `notes` (String) Notes of the Component.
- `project` (String) Project of the Component.
- `publisher` (String) Publisher of the Component.
- `purl` (String) Package URL of the Component, in standardised form.
- `swid` (String) SWID Tag ID. ISO/IEC 19770-2:2015.
- `version` (String) Version of the Component.

<a id="nestedatt--components--hashes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.hashes`

Read-Only:

- `blake2b_256` (String) BLAKE2b-256 hash of the Component.
- `blake2b_384` (String) BLAKE2b-384 hash of the Component.
- `blake2b_512` (String) BLAKE2b-512 hash of the Component.
- `blake3` (String) BLAKE3 hash of the Component.
- `md5` (String) MD5 hash of the Component.
- `sha1` (String) SHA1 hash of the Component.
- `sha256` (String) SHA256 hash of the Component.
- `sha384` (String) SHA384 hash of the Component.
- `sha3_256` (String) SHA3-256 hash of the Component.
- `sha3_384` (String) SHA3-384 hash of the Component.
- `sha3_512` (String) SHA3-512 hash of the Component.
- `sha512` (String) SHA512 hash of the Component.
