---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dependencytrack_component Resource - dependencytrack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Component, within a Project.
---

# dependencytrack_component (Resource)

Manages a Component, within a Project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dependencytrack_project" "example" {
  name        = "Example"
  description = "Example project"
}

resource "dependencytrack_component" "example" {
  project = dependencytrack_project.example.id
  name    = "ComponentName"
  version = "v1.0.0"
  hashes  = {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hashes` (Attributes) Hashes of the Component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hashes))
- `name` (String) Name of the Component.
- `project` (String) UUID for the Project that contains this Component.
- `version` (String) Version of the Component.

### Optional

- `author` (String) Author of the Component.
- `classifier` (String) Classifier of the Component. Defaults to LIBRARY. See DependencyTrack for valid options.
- `copyright` (String) Copyright of the Component.
- `cpe` (String) Common Platform Enumeration of the Component. Standardised format v2.2 / v2.3 from MITRE / NIST.
- `description` (String) Description of the Component.
- `extension` (String) Filename extension of the Component.
- `filename` (String) Filename of the Component.
- `group` (String) Group of the Component.
- `license` (String) License of the Component. See DependencyTrack for valid options.
- `notes` (String) Notes to associate with the Component.
- `publisher` (String) Publisher of the Component.
- `purl` (String) Package URL of the Component. MUST be in standardised format to be saved. See DependencyTrack for format.
- `swid` (String) SWID Tag ID. ISO/IEC 19770-2:2015.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) UUID for the Component, as generated by DependencyTrack.

<a id="nestedatt--hashes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hashes`

Optional:

- `blake2b_256` (String) BLAKE2b-256 hash of the Component.
- `blake2b_384` (String) BLAKE2b-384 hash of the Component.
- `blake2b_512` (String) BLAKE2b-512 hash of the Component.
- `blake3` (String) BLAKE3 hash of the Component.
- `md5` (String) MD5 hash of the Component.
- `sha1` (String) SHA1 hash of the Component.
- `sha256` (String) SHA256 hash of the Component.
- `sha384` (String) SHA384 hash of the Component.
- `sha3_256` (String) SHA3-256 hash of the Component.
- `sha3_384` (String) SHA3-384 hash of the Component.
- `sha3_512` (String) SHA3-512 hash of the Component.
- `sha512` (String) SHA512 hash of the Component.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import dependencytrack_component.example ad0eeb57-5169-42e1-a4e0-04dbd2e9e5a0
```
